README.md, before:

# Astrolotterywest

Astro training project for Lotterywest.

We are reproducing the Lotterywest website in Astro.

Stage 1: reproduce the header and footer only - do not use tailwind. Do you best.

```sh
pnpm install
pnpm run dev
```

[![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/DEMO-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://astrolotterywest.netlify.app/)


## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `pnpm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `pnpm dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `pnpm build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `pnpm preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `pnpm astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `pnpm astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

Commit message:

Update stage 1 rules about using React components

README.md, after:

# Astrolotterywest

Astro training project for Lotterywest.

We are reproducing the Lotterywest website in Astro.

Stage 1: reproduce the header and footer only - do not use tailwind. Do you best. Usage of React components are allowed.

```sh
pnpm install
pnpm run dev
```

[![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/DEMO-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://astrolotterywest.netlify.app/)


## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `pnpm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `pnpm dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `pnpm build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `pnpm preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `pnpm astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `pnpm astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
