---
layout: ../../layouts/PostLayout.astro

id: 3
title: 'Twinning is winning'
text: 'Set of Perth twins are Set for Life'
date: '2024-07-01'
buttonStyle: 'dark'
imageUrl: 'https://www.lotterywest.wa.gov.au/lotterywest/the-winning-experience/twinning-is-winning/@@images/bc934068-dcac-4014-b1da-bd93ecc06b10.jpeg'
category: "Winner stories"
---

A northern suburbs man in his 40s has claimed a $2.5 million Saturday Lotto Superdraw prize. The ticket was one of two Division One winners across the State in Saturday night’s draw. The man bought the ticket at Mayfair News in West Perth, as he works nearby.

“I checked the numbers online the day after the draw,” he said. “When I saw I had them all, I was in total disbelief.”

The winner arrived at Lotterywest HQ on Monday to claim his prize and plans to celebrate the news with dinner by the beach. The man plans to spend his winnings on some travel, perhaps to a tropical island.

“Somewhere super hot with beaches and palm trees sounds pretty good to me,” the winner said.

Lotterywest spokesperson Zoe Wender said she is still waiting for the owner of the second winning Superdraw ticket to come forward.

“Saturday Lotto’s Superdraw produced a great result for WA over the weekend,” she said. “Along with this winning ticket, a ticket sold from Busy Bee Lottery Kiosk in Kelmscott also matched the numbers to a $2.5 million prize.

“Plus, the WA community will benefit from more than $2.9 million raised in ticket sales for Lotterywest’s grants program.

“Supporting hundreds of community organisations across the State with grants is what Lotterywest is all about, and it’s WA players and retailers who make this possible.”

The Playground - where having fun is compulsory - is now open at the Dogs’ Refuge Home in Shenton Park, thanks to a $2.2 million Lotterywest grant supporting a major redevelopment project.
